Chapter 4&5: The DMD-PM(n) method and relatedDynamic Mode Decomposition/The DMD-FPM(n) method (#9)
LeidongX/Leidong_Thesis: tex/chapters/chapter4.tex

\cleardoublepage

\chapter{The DMD-PM(n) method and related Dynamic Mode Decomposition}
\label{chapter:DMD-PM}
\section{Dynamic Mode Decomposition}
Before introducing how to using dynamic mode decomposition to accelerate the power and flattened power method, it may be helpful to review some details of DMD.

> As mentioned at Chapter 1, DMD was developed in a variety of fields, therefore, there are are many different varieties, and some of them are combined with other numerical technologies. 

Reviewer: As mentioned in Chapter 1, many fields developed separate varieties of DMD that were combined with different numerical technologies.

> However, most of these varieties share a very familiar straightforward frame, here, I would like to use the most famous and widely-used one, standard DMD, as the example to represent the algorithm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, most of these varieties share a familiar, straightforward frame. I would like to use the most famous and widely-used one, standard DMD, as an example to represent the algorithm.
```

> To start, first start consider the generic, dynamic problem defined by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start, first consider the generic, dynamic problem defined by 
```

\begin{equation}
  \frac{d{\mathbf{x}}}{dt}=\mathbf{f}(\mathbf{x},t) \, .
  \label{eq:dynamic_problem}
\end{equation}
where $\mathbf{x} \in \mathbb{R}^{n}$ is the $n$-dimensional state vector at time $t$. 
With sufficiently small steps in time, we assume that the evolution of  $\mathbf{x}$ can be well approximated by a relationship of the form 
\begin{equation}
 \frac{d{\mathbf{x}}(t)}{dt}=\mathcal{A}\mathbf{x} \, ,
 \label{eq:linearized_model}
\end{equation}

> where the evolution operator $\mathcal{A}$ often may not be known, and can be considered as a implicit black box system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the evolution operator $\mathcal{A}$ may often not be known, and can be considered to be an implicit black box system.
```

However, one can obtain the system state $\mathbf{x_n}$ at different times, which are then stacked as the past and future snapshot matrices $ \mathbf{X_0}$ and $ \mathbf{X_1}$ by
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:past_data}
\mathbf{X_0}=\left[ \mathbf{x}_0, \mathbf{x}_1, \ldots, \mathbf{x}_{m-1} \right] \, ,
\end{equation}
and
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:future_data}
\mathbf{X_1}=\left[ \mathbf{x}_1, \mathbf{x}_2, \ldots, \mathbf{x}_{m} \right] \, .
\end{equation}

> where the lower index m is the number of snapshots(observations of the quantities of interest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the lower index m is the number of snapshots (observations of the quantities of interest).
```

> Suppose A is the discretized is the discrete-time approximation of the mapping operator $\mathcal{A}$:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose A is the discrete-time approximation of the mapping operator $\mathcal{A}$:
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:A}
\mathbf{A} = e^{\mathcal{A} \Delta t} \, .
\end{equation}
Then 
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:x0x1}
\mathbf{x_{k+1}} = \mathbf{A} \mathbf{x_{k}}, \quad \quad k = 0,1,...,
\end{equation}

> The approximation operator $\mathbf{A}$ won't fit perfectly unless the samples are actually computed from it, and the most desired condition is to satisfies in a least-squares/minimum-norm sense by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The approximation operator $\mathbf{A}$ will not fit perfectly unless the samples are computed from it, and the most desired condition can be satisfied in a least-squares/minimum-norm sense by
```
Not sure if satisfied is the right verb for the last part of the sentence.

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:least}
\mathbf{A} =  \underset{\mathbf{A}}{argmin} ||\mathbf{X_1} - \mathbf{A} \mathbf{X_0}||_F \, .
\end{equation}
Thus the best-fit operator A is formally given by 
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:fullA}
A = \mathbf{X}_1 \mathbf{X}_0^{\dagger} \, ,
\end{equation}
where $\mathbf{X}_0^{\dagger}$ is the Moore-Penrose generalized inverse of $\mathbf{X}_1$.

> It is possible (and typical) to use SVD factorization to inverse $\mathbf{X}_1$ by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible (and typical) to use SVD factorization to find the inverse of $\mathbf{X}_1$ by
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:svd}
\mathbf{X}_0 = \mathbf{U} \bm{\Sigma} \mathbf{V}^{*} \rightarrow \mathbf{X}_0^{\dagger} = \mathbf{V} \bm{\Sigma}^{-1} \mathbf{U}^* \, ,
\end{equation}

> where $\mathbf{U} \in \mathbb{C}^{m\times n}$, $\mathbf{V} \in \mathbb{C}^{n\times n}$, $\bm{\Sigma} \in \mathbb{C}^{n\times n}$, and $*$ indicates the conjugate transpose. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $\mathbf{U} \in \mathbb{C}^{m\times n}$, $\mathbf{V} \in \mathbb{C}^{n\times n}$, $\bm{\Sigma} \in \mathbb{C}^{n\times n}$, and $*$ indicate the conjugate transposes. 
```

> However, consider that number of unknowns is often large in quantity this matrix is large in numerical simulation, the matrix $\mathbf{A}$ is not computed explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, considering that the number of unknowns in this matrix is often large during numerical simulations, the matrix $\mathbf{A}$ is not computed explicitly.
```

A low-rank approximation of the original dynamic system $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ is formed, i.e.,
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:reduced_dmd_1}
\mathbf{\tilde{A}} =  \mathbf{U_r^* A U_r} \, .
\end{equation}
Then using \EQ{eq:fullA}, and the reduced order $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ is defined by
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:reduced_dmd_2}
\mathbf{\tilde{A}} =  \mathbf{U_r^*} \mathbf{X_1} \mathbf{V} \bm{\Sigma}^{-1} \, .
\end{equation}

> Now extract the r largest eigenvalue and and corresponded eigenvectors from $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ as the DMD modes $\boldsymbol{\Phi}$, which can be treated as the leading r eigenvectors of $\mathbf{A}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now extract the r largest eigenvalue and and corresponding eigenvectors from $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ as the DMD modes $\boldsymbol{\Phi}$, which can be treated as the leading r eigenvectors of $\mathbf{A}$.
```

> Now extract the r largest eigenvalue and and corresponded eigenvectors from $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ as the DMD modes $\boldsymbol{\Phi}$, which can be treated as the leading r eigenvectors of $\mathbf{A}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now extract the r largest eigenvalue and corresponding eigenvectors from $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ as the DMD modes $\boldsymbol{\Phi}$, which can be treated as the leading r eigenvectors of $\mathbf{A}$.
```

> Note that the continue solution of \EQ{eq:linearized_model} is $\mathbf{x}(t) = e^{\mathcal{A}t}\mathbf{x}(0)$, and, $\mathbf{A}$ is discrete-time approximation of $e^{\mathcal{A}\Delta}$, which can be applied to the initial condition by matrix exponential to compute solution at a particular time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the solution of \EQ{eq:linearized_model} is $\mathbf{x}(t) = e^{\mathcal{A}t}\mathbf{x}(0)$, and $\mathbf{A}$ is a discrete-time approximation of $e^{\mathcal{A}\Delta}$, which can be applied to the initial condition by matrix exponential to compute the solution at a particular time. 
```

> Moreover, the discrete eigenvalues $\lambda_i$ of $\mathbf{A}$ can be used to compute the continuous eigenvalues $\omega_i= \text{log}(\lambda_i)/\Delta t$, Subsequently, the state can be reconstructed at any time $t$ by initial condition by  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, the discrete eigenvalues $\lambda_i$ of $\mathbf{A}$ can be used to compute the continuous eigenvalues $\omega_i= \text{log}(\lambda_i)/\Delta t$. Subsequently, the state can be reconstructed at any time $t$ by initial condition by  
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:dmd_predict}
\vec{x}^{DMD}(t) \triangleq \sum_{i=1}^{r} \vec{\phi}_i e^{\omega_it} b_i \, ,
\end{equation}
where $\mathbf{b}=\boldsymbol{\Phi}^{\dag} \mathbf{x}_{0}$. 
The general DMD scheme is summarized as

\begin{enumerate}
\item Compute SVD decomposition of the forward snapshots matrix, i.e., $ \mathbf{X_0} = \mathbf{U_r} \boldsymbol{\Sigma_r} \mathbf{V_r^{*}}$, where r indicates the rank of matrix.
\item Compute $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}=\mathbf{U_r^{*}X_1}\mathbf{V_r}\boldsymbol{\Sigma}_{\mathbf{r}}^{-1}$, where $\mathbf{A}$ and $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ are similar matrices.
\item Compute the eigendecomposition $\mathbf{\tilde{A} \tilde{W}}=\boldsymbol{\Lambda}\mathbf{\tilde{W}}$.
\item Calculate the DMD modes as ${\boldsymbol{\Phi}}={\mathbf{X_2V_r}}\boldsymbol{\Sigma}_\mathbf{r}^{-1}{\mathbf{\tilde{W}}}$.
\item Predict the response by $\vec{x}^{DMD}(t) \approx \sum_{i=1}^{r} \vec{\phi}_i e^{\omega_it} b_i = \boldsymbol{\Phi}{\mathbf{diag}}(e^{\vec{\omega}t})\vec{b}$, where $\mathbf{b}=\boldsymbol{\Phi}^{\dag} \mathbf{x}_{0}$.
\end{enumerate}

\section{An Accelerated Power Method using DMD}
\label{sec:dmdpi}

> The ultimate goal here is to obtain a strategy that using DMD to extrapolate eigenvectors and eigenvalue from a fair size of snapshot matrix, which should be closed to the final steady state solution than the latest snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ultimate goal of this section is to obtain a strategy that uses DMD to extrapolate eigenvectors and eigenvalues from a fair size of snapshot matrices, which should be closer to the final steady state solution than the latest snapshot.
```

> The difficult part of this strategy, due to the prediction results required to be extrapolated in the ``future'', DMD itself needs to extracts infomation from a time dependent dynamic system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difficult part of this strategy is that DMD itself needs to extract information from a time dependent, dynamic system, due to the prediction results required to be extrapolated in the ``future''.
```

> The difficult part of this strategy, due to the prediction results required to be extrapolated in the ``future'', DMD itself needs to extracts infomation from a time dependent dynamic system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difficult part of this strategy is that DMD itself needs to extract information from a time dependent, dynamic system due to the prediction results required to be extrapolated in the ``future''.
```

However, the power iteration does not recover the realistic physics transient process. 

> Note that $\omega_i= \text{log}(\lambda_i)$ while $\Delta = 1$, $x^{DMD}(t)$ is a fictitious time step corresponding to a single power iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that because $\omega_i= \text{log}(\lambda_i)$ while $\Delta = 1$, $x^{DMD}(t)$ is a fictitious time step corresponding to a single power iteration.
```

> First, suppose that $m$ power iterations have been performed to produce the snapshot matrices $\mathbf{X}_0$ and $\mathbf{X}_1$, where the series of snapshots are not order by the sequence of time, but the number of power iterations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, suppose that $m$ power iterations have been performed to produce the snapshot matrices $\mathbf{X}_0$ and $\mathbf{X}_1$, where the series of snapshots are not ordered by the sequence of time but by the number of power iterations.
```

We follow the standard DMD approach as discussed above and generate leading r DMD modes and eigenvalues.

> Next we can set $t$ to a significant value larger than the current number of snapshots employed and predict a new $\mathbf{x}$, which can be normalized and applied as initial guess for a new iteration of power method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we can set $t$ to a significant value larger than the current number of snapshots employed and predict a new $\mathbf{x}$, which can be normalized and applied as an initial guess for a new iteration of the power method.
```

> Here, we will explore a modification from original recovery scheme was done in the following way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we will explore a modification from the original recovery scheme that was done in the following way.
```

> Eigendecomposition $\mathbf{A}$ or reduced-order approximation $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ leads to a set of approximate eigenvectors for  and a set of eigenvalues $e_j \approx \lambda_j / \lambda_0$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eigendecomposition of $\mathbf{A}$ or the reduced-order approximation of $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ leads to a set of approximate eigenvectors and eigenvalues $e_j \approx \lambda_j / \lambda_0$.
```

> As previously discussed in \CHAPTER{chapter:PM}, the convergence of the power method require $\lambda_0$ is larger than any other eigenvalues, and, thus, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously discussed in \CHAPTER{chapter:PM}, the convergence of the power method requires that $\lambda_0$ is larger than any other eigenvalues, thus 
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:ej}
e_0 = 1 \quad and  \quad e_j < 1,j = 1,2,3,4... \, .
\end{equation}
There are many strategies to select the optimal rank of DMD modes $r$ used to fit the original system $\mathbf{A}$. 

> Alternatively, because the power method can only reveal a single, dominant mode if the assumptions described in \CHAPTER{chapter:PM} are satisfied, then there's only one mode recovered by DMD should remain at $t=\infty$, which is the fundamental eigenmode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, because the power method can only reveal a single, dominant mode if the assumptions described in \CHAPTER{chapter:PM} are satisfied, only one mode recovered by DMD should remain at $t=\infty$, which is the fundamental eigenmode.
```

> This phenomena can also be proved in numerical perspective, as mentioned at \EQ{eq:ej}, all other modes with eigenvalue smaller than one will vanish eventually while apply the diagonal matrix $e^{\vec{\omega}t}$ for infinity times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This phenomena can also be proven in numerical perspective, as mentioned in \EQ{eq:ej}, all other modes with eigenvalue smaller than one will vanish eventually while apply the diagonal matrix $e^{\vec{\omega}t}$ for infinity times.
```
"all other modes with eigenvalue smaller than one will vanish eventually while apply the diagonal matrix $e^{\vec{\omega}t}$ for infinity times."
Not sure what you are trying to say here.

> Therefore, instead of computing all the dmd modes and predict the response by \EQ{eq:dmd_predict}, we can simply compute the dominant DMD mode only and predict the system by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, instead of computing all the DMD modes and predicting the response by \EQ{eq:dmd_predict}, we can simply compute only the dominant DMD mode and predict the system by 
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:f_mode}
\vec{x}^{DMD}(t) \approx \vec{\phi}_0 \mathbf{b}_0 \, ,
\end{equation}
where $b_0= \phi^{T}_0 \mathbf{x}_{0}$.

> This improvement can get rid of the noise from the higher rank modes and save a great amount of computational resources during reconstructing the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This improvement can get rid of the noise from the higher rank modes and save a great amount of computational resources while reconstructing the system.
```

> This improvement can get rid of the noise from the higher rank modes and save a great amount of computational resources during reconstructing the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This improvement can get rid of the noise from the higher rank modes and can save a great amount of computational resources while reconstructing the system.
```

In order to accelerate the power method with DMD, the following DMD-PM($n$) algorithm is proposed:
\begin{enumerate}
 \item Guess $\mathbf{x}^{(0)}$ and normalize.
 \item Perform $n$ power iterations to produce $\mathbf{X}_0$ and $\mathbf{X}_1$
 \item Compute the DMD modes and frequencies using a rank-$r$, truncated  SVD (i.e., $r < n$)
 \item Apply \EQ{eq:dmd_predict} or \EQ{eq:f_mode} to estimate $\mathbf{x}^{(\infty)}=\mathbf{x}(\infty)$, i.e., estimate the steady-state, dominant mode after an equivalent of $\infty$ power iterations.
 \item Set $\mathbf{x}^{(0)} = \Re(\mathbf{x}(\infty)) / ||\mathbf{x}(\infty)||$.  
 \item Repeat Steps 1 through 5 until converged.
\end{enumerate}

> By restarting the process, numerical errors caused by ill-conditioned snapshot matrices can be minimized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By restarting the process numerical errors caused by ill-conditioned snapshot matrices can be minimized.
```

> A article discussed the framework for the first time by \citet{roberts2019acceleration} was published in 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An article by \citet{roberts2019acceleration} was published in 2019 that discusses the framework for the first time.
```

> Stability analysis between using \EQ{eq:dmd_predict} or \EQ{eq:f_mode} and other numerical challenges are represent in \CHAPTER{chapter:results}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stability analysis using \EQ{eq:dmd_predict},  \EQ{eq:f_mode}, and other numerical challenges are represent in \CHAPTER{chapter:results}.
```

> Stability analysis between using \EQ{eq:dmd_predict} or \EQ{eq:f_mode} and other numerical challenges are represent in \CHAPTER{chapter:results}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stability analysis using either \EQ{eq:dmd_predict} or \EQ{eq:f_mode} and other numerical challenges are represent in \CHAPTER{chapter:results}.
```

> Nota that the normalization in step 5 is important for reducing numerical round-off errors introduced by growing (or decaying) iterates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the normalization in step 5 is important for reducing numerical round-off errors introduced by growing (or decaying) iterates.
```

\cleardoublepage

\chapter{Dynamic Mode Decomposition}
\label{chapter:DMD-PM}

> Before introducing how to using dynamic mode decomposition to accelerate the power and flattened power methods, it may be helpful to review some details of DMD.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before introducing how to use dynamic mode decomposition to accelerate the power and flattened power methods, we will first review the details of DMD.
```

> As mentioned in Chapter 1, many fields developed separate varieties of DMD that were combined with different numerical technologies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned in Chapter 1, the details of DMD are different based on the application.
```

Reviewer 2: Chapter 1 should be a ref link

However, most of these varieties share a familiar, straightforward frame. 

> Here, the most widely-used variant, standard DMD,will be shown as an example to represent the algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here, the most widely-used variant (called ``standard DMD'' here) will be shown as an example to represent the algorithm.
```

To start, first consider the generic, dynamic problem defined by 
\begin{equation}

>   \frac{d{\mathbf{x}}}{dt}=\mathbf{f}(\mathbf{x},t) \, .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  \frac{d{\mathbf{x}}}{dt}=\mathbf{f}(\mathbf{x},t) \, ,
```

  \label{eq:dynamic_problem}
\end{equation}
where $\mathbf{x} \in \mathbb{R}^{n}$ is the $n$-dimensional state vector at time $t$. 

> With sufficiently small steps in time, we assume that the evolution of  $\mathbf{x}$ can be well approximated by a relationship of the form 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With sufficiently small steps in time, the evolution of  $\mathbf{x}$ can be well approximated by a relationship of the form 
```

\begin{equation}
 \frac{d{\mathbf{x}}(t)}{dt}=\mathcal{A}\mathbf{x} \, ,
 \label{eq:linearized_model}
\end{equation}

> where the evolution operator $\mathcal{A}$ may not be known and can be considered ``black-box system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where the evolution operator $\mathcal{A}$ may be unknown and can be considered a ``black-box'' system.
```

> However, one can obtain the system state $\mathbf{x}_n$ at different times, which are then stacked as the past and future snapshot matrices $ \mathbf{X}_0$ and $ \mathbf{X}_1$ 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, one can obtain the system state $\mathbf{x}_n$ at different times, which are then stacked as the past and future snapshot matrices $ \mathbf{X}_0$ and $ \mathbf{X}_1$, i.e., 
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:past_data}
\mathbf{X_0}=\left[ \mathbf{x}_0, \mathbf{x}_1, \ldots, \mathbf{x}_{m-1} \right] \, ,
\end{equation}
and
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:future_data}
\mathbf{X_1}=\left[ \mathbf{x}_1, \mathbf{x}_2, \ldots, \mathbf{x}_{m} \right] \, .
\end{equation}

Suppose $\mathbf{A}$ is the discrete-time approximation of the mapping operator $\mathcal{A}$:
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:A}
\mathbf{A} = e^{\mathcal{A} \Delta t} \, .
\end{equation}

> Then 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then,
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:x0x1}

> \mathbf{x}_{k+1} = \mathbf{A} \mathbf{x}_{k}, \quad \quad k = 0,1,...,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\mathbf{x}_{k+1} = \mathbf{A} \mathbf{x}_{k}, \quad \quad k = 0,1,...,\, .
```

\end{equation}

> The approximate operator $\mathbf{A}$ will, of course, not reproduce the $\mathbf{x}_i$ perfectly unless they are guaranteed from it, but a ``best'' approximation can be formed in a least-squares/minimum-norm sense by solving

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, the approximate operator $\mathbf{A}$ not reproduce the $\mathbf{x}_i$ exactly, but a ``best'' approximation can be formed in a least-squares or minimum-norm sense by solving
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:least}
\mathbf{A} =  \underset{\mathbf{A}}{argmin} ||\mathbf{X}_1 - \mathbf{A} \mathbf{X}_0||_F \, .
\end{equation}

> Thus the best-fit operator $\mathbf{A}$ is formally given by 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thus, the best-fit operator $\mathbf{A}$ is formally given by 
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:fullA}
A = \mathbf{X}_1 \mathbf{X}_0^{\dagger} \, ,
\end{equation}

> where $\mathbf{X}_0^{\dagger}$ is the Moore-Penrose generalized inverse of $\mathbf{X}_1$.

Reviewer 2: Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse is the correct name right?

However, considering that the number of unknowns in this matrix is often large during numerical simulations, the matrix $\mathbf{A}$ is not computed explicitly.
A low-rank approximation of the original dynamic system $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ is formed, i.e.,
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:reduced_dmd_1}
\mathbf{\tilde{A}} =  \mathbf{U_r^* A U_r} \, .
\end{equation}
Then using \EQ{eq:fullA}, the reduced order $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ is defined by
\begin{equation}
\label{eq:reduced_dmd_2}
\mathbf{\tilde{A}} =  \mathbf{U_r^*} \mathbf{X_1} \mathbf{V} \bm{\Sigma}^{-1} \, .
\end{equation}
Now extract the $r$ largest eigenvalue and corresponding eigenvectors from $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ as the DMD modes $\boldsymbol{\Phi}$, which can be treated as the leading $r$ eigenvectors of $\mathbf{A}$.
Note that the solution of \EQ{eq:linearized_model} is $\mathbf{x}(t) = e^{\mathcal{A}t}\mathbf{x}(0)$, and $\mathbf{A}$ is a discrete-time approximation of $e^{\mathcal{A}\Delta}$, which can be applied to the initial condition using the matrix exponential to compute the solution at a particular time. 

> Moreover, the discrete eigenvalues $\lambda_i$ of $\mathbf{A}$ can be used to compute the continuous eigenvalues $\omega_i= \text{log}(\lambda_i)/\Delta t$. Subsequently, the state can be reconstructed at any time $t$ by initial condition by  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Moreover, the discrete eigenvalues $\lambda_i$ of $\mathbf{A}$ can be used to compute the continuous eigenvalues $\omega_i= \text{log}(\lambda_i)/\Delta t$.
Subsequently, the state can be reconstructed at any time $t$ by initial condition by  
```

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:dmd_predict}
\vec{x}^{DMD}(t) \triangleq \sum_{i=1}^{r} \vec{\phi}_i e^{\omega_it} b_i \, ,
\end{equation}
where $\mathbf{b}=\boldsymbol{\Phi}^{\dag} \mathbf{x}_{0}$. 

> The general DMD scheme is summarized as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The general DMD scheme is summarized as
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

\begin{enumerate}
\item Compute SVD decomposition of the forward snapshots matrix, i.e., $ \mathbf{X_0} = \mathbf{U_r} \boldsymbol{\Sigma_r} \mathbf{V_r^{*}}$, where r indicates the rank of matrix.
\item Compute $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}=\mathbf{U_r^{*}X_1}\mathbf{V_r}\boldsymbol{\Sigma}_{\mathbf{r}}^{-1}$, where $\mathbf{A}$ and $\mathbf{\tilde{A}}$ are similar matrices.
\item Compute the eigendecomposition $\mathbf{\tilde{A} \tilde{W}}=\boldsymbol{\Lambda}\mathbf{\tilde{W}}$.
\item Calculate the DMD modes as ${\boldsymbol{\Phi}}={\mathbf{X_2V_r}}\boldsymbol{\Sigma}_\mathbf{r}^{-1}{\mathbf{\tilde{W}}}$.
\item Predict the response by $\vec{x}^{DMD}(t) \approx \sum_{i=1}^{r} \vec{\phi}_i e^{\omega_it} b_i = \boldsymbol{\Phi}{\mathbf{diag}}(e^{\vec{\omega}t})\vec{b}$, where $\mathbf{b}=\boldsymbol{\Phi}^{\dag} \mathbf{x}_{0}$.
\end{enumerate}

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't feel like this has an adequate conclusion.  Perhaps include a small example? on something like a 2x2 system?
